Document compact-hash-check flags in changelog (#14435)
etcd-io/etcd: CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-3.6.md

- Add [field `storage`](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/13772) into the response body of endpoint `/version`.
- Add [`etcd --max-concurrent-streams`](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/14169) flag to configure the max concurrent streams each client can open at a time, and defaults to math.MaxUint32.
- Add [`etcd grpc-proxy --experimental-enable-grpc-logging`](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/pull/14266) flag to logging all grpc requests and responses.

> - Add [`etcd --experimental-compact-hash-check-enabled=false --experimental-compact-hash-check-time=1m`](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/issues/14039) flags to enable reliable corruption detection by periodically checking hashes on compacted revisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add [`etcd --experimental-compact-hash-check-enabled --experimental-compact-hash-check-time`](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/issues/14039) flags to support enabling reliable corruption detection on compacted revisions.
```

Author: Done
